Fix #1267 Caching OEmbed markup prevents markup changes for existing embeds (#9568)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/reference/management_commands.md

revision for a page. If the `days` argument is supplied, only revisions older than the specified number of
days will be deleted.

(purge_embeds)=

## purge_embeds

```sh
manage.py purge_embeds
```

This command deletes all the cached embed objects from the database.

> It is required to run this command after everytime you make changes in embed settings for new changes to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recimmended to run this command after changes are made to anyn embed settings so that subsequent embed usage does not from the database cache.
```
